#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
boto3==1.34.19
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.34.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
configparser==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   iatikit
elementpath==4.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xmlschema
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
fastavro==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-api-core==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
google-cloud-bigquery==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
iatikit==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   iatikit
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==4.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pytest==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   iatikit
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.51
    # via -r requirements.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
xmlschema==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
